[Music]
hello
hey
what up you are not dressed for the
occasion evan what do you mean he's
archaic he's a space archaeologist i
forget what i look like he's like
harrison ford in space whoa look at that
harrison ford in space so yeah han solo
oh yeah
yes
guys we have a time limit in 14 minutes
we run out of air we die no don't go oh
he's trapped in space we need to we need
to open the doors a little man oh no i'm
trapped in space you gotta let me in
yeah we gotta let him in
all right oh my god escape simulator we
are trapped in a room this is my corner
office man i got promoted guys we gotta
get we gotta have lunch with carmen oh
13 minutes until we have lunch no glue
until we have that said meeting at moo i
found a ram drive for a computer just
ram it in there can i ram it into the
computer
how do i ram it into the click on it no
that doesn't work you got it
all you got to all right we need a we
need a i need a
phillips screwdriver i found the
screwdriver i throw it this plant is
definitely the best worker
uh i'm not the painting off the wall can
i get it can i get a basketball give me
the ram i have the ram you want some
ramen no not ramen just ramen ramen
flight boom turned on there we go
completed a puzzle puzzle completed nice
we did it we're free no we're not free
yet we're not free
you turned on a computer yeah you turned
on the computer
we need a call can you figure out what
to do how do you figure out what to do
next
what the hell can i just collect all the
objects yes well you can collect a few
objects uh apparently all of them
because i'm just literally just
pocketing everything that's in this game
i don't believe it we're never going to
be able to do this if everything's in
your inventory
i it helps i can't think with with all
this clutter everywhere all right what
are we looking for what are we looking
for we're looking for a code
i feel like i'm playing uno i just have
like so many cards i just smashed a mug
i got i got i got it i i got it i got i
got it uh move i gotta move put it on
the table in front of he took the
keyboard
i have it i have it i have it i have it
no club put it on the table what do you
do
there's a keyboard any leads on how to
find the the pin um yeah it's a thing of
pocket yeah you uh have all of it in
your inventory okay
which one is it i got a piece of paper
no you have everything maybe it's this
okay wait a minute wait a minute wait a
minute there's a key in this thing is
there wait a minute look look at look at
that
you can literally see all the items is
holding
what do you guys want what do you guys
want huh you want to buy money huh you
want to buy a mug what are you looking
for huh i got everything you got to
examine it i think you have to exactly i
got the key i got the key all right nice
good job good job now what do we need to
open right here the key the key goes
into this he goes in it okay there's
another piece of paper that looks like
this as well
it's a chinese food menu
did you did you get the key from the
watering thing all right what do you
want to order
[Laughter]
was this in the safe it was in a safe
where'd you get the key you got it from
the the plant watering container
yes can i order something i found i
found it
oh here we go shrimp sesame chicken six
thousand people are eating eighty okay
fried rice two dollars chickens i would
like some sesame okay okay okay maybe we
have to figure out the code from these
prices maybe we had to call possibly the
phone number wait who has the who was
the cell phone call called the number
was the cell phone verse you had the
cell phone call the food place and
ordered the food for you know i had the
cell phone cause i could see everything
you're holding oh we have to unlock it
are you sure what
um uh the code the code stupid for this
no we're not i finally got my head
around t cubed over the draw window i
don't blame you i'm just trying
he gave up long ago oh my god dude
there's a combination lock here too we
need to find the the the the password
for the computer and the phone
padlock i will tell you how to do this
okay guys don't worry don't touch my
food it says food so maybe i could find
a three-letter combo in this menu
somehow
extra so bpe this was the worst decision
to play in under an hour who's gone shut
the [__] up
i've already forgot what what i said
before now i have to look back who left
e-p-e
oh get the eraser get the eraser
a razor
what are you talking about
you can see a razor a razor razor
how do we have all this stuff but no
eraser eraser i got the eraser what do
you want the eraser for this okay
yes erase this board paper raisin
some of it's not erasing
oh
unlock the phone let's unlock the phone
i'm that guy oh
yeah yeah yeah okay we're doing
something
top you start at the top you swipe down
the top middle to bottom right
okay
when we want to check the weather what's
the weather like the tq unlockers we
don't have time for the weather all
right we got the tq code when it seems
like everything is lost and the main
characters are about to
put it somehow turn it around and
possibly bring out the phone again bring
up the phone again
[Laughter]
we're not gonna die
we just lose the the championship we
still gotta get out of here oh okay oh
give me that [__] gas was gonna start
coming in from the vents bring out the
phone right off god damn it
wait hold on i want to go on youtube and
check out some panos gaming videos i'm
going to click that youtube symbol
that's right there oh my god i finally
got my head around the cues this one
means what is the word will you put the
[__] phone on the table put the phone
on the table
just put it down put the phone on the
table just put it on the table no there
we go are you happy now you're happy i'm
happy click into your middle
mouse button
guys i got more information
more information from
magnifying glass sold another p this
one's going to help us out a lot i sold
another piece of move to get this
information nine nine
three zero so none of it means zero
bottom left means three which code are
we trying to figure out here by the way
yeah i know exactly wait wait guys is
this is a very real gmod map oh i'm
getting another no no no no i get it i
get the cool i didn't know those were
where you get the hits i get the code
we're we're idiots are we yeah yeah
yourself idiot so all right all right
this right here when the whole thing is
filled up is nine when the whole thing
is empty it's zero when the when the
middle is zero top means one two and
three but when the middle is filled the
top means six seven and eight you know
what i'm saying oh
sort of yeah all right now now come here
come here look at this paper here here
i'm gonna pick up this paper right here
all right come and look at the paper now
yeah i'm looking at the paper so this is
nine
and so since this and this is zero
because there's nothing filled yeah and
so since this one is there's nothing
filled this is three
all right so this one says this one's
filled that one's eight this one's eight
yeah this one's eight because it's field
and since this one's not filled this
one's three
and whatever this one says on the phone
it's filled but the bottom right field
and bottom right all right go back to
the phone what's field in the bottom
right twenty one so we've got 21 21
let me see the damn phone i think you're
wrong delirious i'm not wrong i'm not
right i'm not wrong
i'm not right you see this orange one
how it's full in the top in the middle
yeah and he says this one means six yes
look at it look at it okay look at the
phone it shows that it's six look at the
phone it shows that it's six [__]
strangle your [__] sperm when you put
the phone on the table at least why are
you talking about i love
wait a second we're dumb as [__] oh
don't add them nine three zero nine
nine three two two
nine
dumb [__] nine three zero and then
don't take it i know it three seven you
oh my god you [__] oh my god
what that wasn't it
wait that was no we did it wrong nine
three zero three seven eight oh yes
we are
we don't we need
yeah okay okay so we got to figure out
get the menu this is definitely menu
definitely something for the minute i
got another hand is it going forget the
hands forget the hands we're too we're
too smart now one two three oh my god
it's right here we're not too small
don't touch my food it's mad and all
we've done is unlock loop food
that was just in my pocket like 30
minutes ago
all right as you can see as you can see
this
gives us a b c d e letters the code l
look on the refrigerator the lock on the
code the local refrigerator is abcde
letters i'm still confused how mu
escaped i just turned around
she jumped out the window
so this is going to be let you know what
it does combinate get the hell out of i
can't even do the lock van out you're
inside the front i'm sorry i'm sorry
maybe it's going to be h let's be smart
about this where do we find numbers
where do we find these numbers like six
six six seven because obviously once we
find those all of those folders in the
corner say 22. oh
and the annual reports yes this one says
72. yes everyone knows that one that one
says
choose a password is by using the
porch no no no 72
72 uh red is um
red is 70.
oh okay so do the white blue red white
blue red white seven eight white blue
red seventy two okay first letters h h
all right let me put it in i want to
feel helpful i don't want to be dumb i
don't want to be different i got to do
this
what was the last number yes i'll just
switch into it it was the red one it
opened you said i just tried it you
[__]
this is his favorite food right here
whatever it says on the thing that's his
favorite food okay let's look at the
menu let's look at the menu i have the
menu yes you do we okay you got noodles
that's 180. we gotta add them together
add them together noodles 180 okay seven
that's that's nine that's nine and
that's eight eighty
broccoli broccoli and mushrooms right
the 80s so that's 10
and mushroom is 12. let me see this damn
menu let me see this damn god damn it
give me the menu give me the menu give
me the menu shrimp broccoli mushrooms
get your mouse out of the way 180
that's not noodles is it rice i don't
know i was just listening to normal is
it rice is it rice let me look that is
rice i zoomed in on it oh you're rice
fried rice fried rice get your mouse out
of the damn way two
plus the shrimp is seven nine
plus broccoli 120.
and then what was the last one
got it
you son of a got it got it all right put
that into the put if that's the usb put
it into the and to put it into that usb
is
into the computer if it is i don't know
if it is do i have to like connect at
all oh there you go now stick it in
there there it is
genius
you're a genius snuggle that was all me
baby stick it in
we're working as a team here i know he
hasn't stuck it in yet
i don't know where to stick it in dude
in the usb port in the front give me
that give me give it to me give it to me
sorry sorry
oh my god what is this uh i figure it
will work oh we gotta get the blue on
the roof are you trying to draw a window
don't reset now go come on
now go explain hold on hold on hold on
everyone calm down let me through this
one please explain explain it you gotta
put the blue dots on both red dots at
the same time all right all right stop
resetting no glass stop resetting and
then uh down again
right
up and uh yeah i did mess up right there
let me try it no no no no no no no no no
no no no here it is
[Music]
i was just watching someone else play oh
now you now you pulled the usb out and
you put the usb into the
to the door right
it's harder than it looks
usb
it is no glass
very hard so how do we
just put it right here and we open the
damn door and we yes
yes yes we did it
yeah
we did it we did it we did it we did it
all right gg guys gg i gotta go i gotta
i gotta go watch my babies you gotta go
watch the babies clean up we gotta clean
up no no i'm quitting after today this
mess look at this absolute mess
hold on it won't be a mess anymore oh
yeah steal everything take it off take
it off i'm taking the chinese
[Music]
great big food
you're never gonna take this away from
me i'm in the delirious army delirious
on me i'm so proud to be a part of this
great big family you're never gonna take
this away from me